♪ MTV ♪
♪ slow, determined music ♪
♪
[Rip]
Check on those reindeer stalls.
Make sure those shavings
are extra deep, now.
Yes, sir.
Hey, baby.
Carter.
I want you to wash
and wax the tractors.
Okay? And the maintainers.
Everything needs
to be fucking shiny.
- Yes, ma'am.
- Thank you.
What?
How am I supposed to run a ranch
if you sell everything we own?
Well, a business shouldn't
own anything outright, Rip.
You put a mortgage on the land,
you get a chattel loan
for the horses and the cattle,
auto loans for the trucks,
equipment loans
for the tractors.
You service the loans
with the mortgage,
and you service the mortgager
with the proceeds of the sales
of the horses and the cattle.
And you never pay any income tax
'cause you never show
a fucking profit
no matter how much money
the ranch makes.
You can't make enough on cattle
to service debt, Beth.
On a ten-year cycle,
you're gonna lose money
three years,
you're gonna make money
and you're gonna
break even three years.
That leaves you one year
to decide whether
the ranch makes profit.
That's not
a business model, Rip.
That's a pipe dream.
- [sighs]
- What are you doing
with all those horses in Texas,
by the way?
Travis is bringing
a bunch of 'em up here, but...
the big-money horses,
he's gonna sell down there.
He's got one showing tonight.
- Tonight?
- Mm-hmm.
Fuck.
Hey, can you do me a favor?
See if there's a dead leg to--
Where the fuck is Travis?
Outside of Weatherford.
Weatherford, Texas, today.
Great. I owe you one. Thanks.
- You going to Texas now?
- Yeah.
I trust that slick motherfucker
as far as I can throw him.
Travis would never cheat us
out of a horse deal.
And I don't want you
around him without me.
So you trust him to sell
million-dollar horses,
but you don't trust him
around your wife without you?
Honey, he's a horse trainer.
He'd try to fuck you
in front of me if he could.
Horse trainers are like
Corriente bulls.
Well, lucky for me,
I got a cattle prod.
[imitates taser]
- You've been warned.
- I'll see you tonight.
♪ sweeping orchestral music ♪
♪
[sighs]
Look what they're
doing to it, Mo.
And there's nothing
I can do to stop it.
Nothing legal, anyway.
It's up to the people now.
What can the people do?
It's hard to build a pipeline
if you don't have any pipe.
That's declaring war.
We're already at war.
For 160 years.
Our side just stopped fighting.
[newscaster] Now to the
Big Sky Country of Montana,
the physical manifestation
of the American dream.
Towering peaks,
clear mountain streams,
the gateway to our nation's
first national park.
And a governor who--
now, it appears-- was murdered
over the cancellation
of a multibillion-dollar
planned community
financed by one of the largest
private equity firms
in the world.
Everyone thinks it's the son.
The son wasn't gunned down
in broad daylight.
I think we need to consider
the possibility
Sarah Atwood was involved, or...
at least had knowledge.
I think we bring in
an outside firm...
[shouting in hallway]
...and we start getting some...
some separation. Hang on.
[shouting in hallway continues]
[sighs]
- What is this now?
- [door opens]
Everyone here needs
to vacate this building.
I assume you have a warrant.
Bet your ass I got a warrant.
[indistinct chatter]
What's your position here?
I'm chief counsel.
Did Sarah Atwood have an office
on these premises?
She did.
Will you take me there, please?
♪ slow, determined music ♪
♪
[newscaster]
To recap, Sarah Atwood,
an attorney employed by the
Paradise Valley Development arm
of Market Equities PE Fund,
was shot and killed on Wednesday
in a brazen daylight attack
in Helena.
Her last known contact
was with Montana Attorney
General Jamie Dutton,
a strong advocate
for the development
his father canceled
prior to his death.
Speculation of repeated sexual encounters
between the attorney general
and Ms. Atwood,
including one such tryst
in the exclusive Deerfield Club,
have been uncovered.
In addition, evidence
has now surfaced
that the attorney general
stood to benefit
from a lease of land at
the center of the development.
How?
How could you know that?!
What evidence? What?
Who the fuck are you talking to?
♪ dark music ♪
[phone buzzing]
♪
You having fun yet?
You destroy me,
you destroy yourself.
You destroy the entire family.
You soil our name in perpetuity.
You lose everything.
You lose the ranch,
you lose your freedom.
Any legacy this family
has earned is eradicated.
Stop referring to it
as "our name."
It's not your name, Jamie.
You have your own name.
Soon the whole world
will know it.
Yeah, I know every secret, Beth.
I know all of 'em!
I know all of yours.
I know all of his.
I know all of Kayce's.
Think about it.
Remember what I said, Jamie.
And unlike you,
I keep my promises.
[phone clicks]
[sets phone down]
♪ pulsing, dramatic music ♪
♪
♪ grand, sweeping music ♪
[engine shuts off]
What did you do?
I showed the people
who came after my father
what happens
if they come after you,
or Tate or any of us.
And now they understand.
We walk away from this place,
I don't want it following us.
Is that what we're doing?
Are we... are we walking away?
I've been trying my whole life.
Finally gonna do it.
[door opens]
♪ quiet music ♪
♪
[engine shuts off]
[Jake]
Think this is for the funeral?
Ain't never seen no bleachers
at a funeral.
- It's for an auction.
- What are they auctioning?
Everything,
from the looks of it.
Hey. I got this.
He was my best friend.
I know.
That's why I got it, amigo.
It's empty.
[Lloyd clears throat]
Should've shot that rank
sumbitch in the pasture.
Well, I wish we had.
We shot him as soon as we could.
Not soon enough.
Hating that horse
ain't gonna help. [sighs]
Some just ain't meant
to be tamed, and...
some ain't meant to be wild.
Hell, it was over before
Colby knew it happened.
One minute, he was out there
doing what he loved, and...
...next minute, he was gone.
Gone from us, anyway.
Maybe he's still out there,
doing what he loves.
You know what I mean?
And now he gets
to do it forever.
I didn't let 'em
mail everything.
[exhales]
Thank you.
Let's go to work
while there's still
some work to do around here.
Yeah.
♪ slow, melancholy music ♪
♪
[inhales sharply]
[exhales]
[distant shouting]
- Pretty nice two-year-old now.
- Yeah. Whoa.
- Keep her loping, will you?
- You bet.
[Rip]
Say, Ryan.
That ought
to pay a lot of taxes.
I think the notion of
a lot of taxes is about
- to change around here.
- So what's the plan?
Well, there ain't much
of a plan.
If it ain't nailed down,
it's getting sold.
Should we be looking for jobs?
I mean, there won't be much
but day work around here.
Now, I'm asking everyone
to stay until after the auction.
I'm gonna keep Lloyd
and the boy.
The rest of you
shouldn't have any trouble
finding a new outfit.
How did Colby get kicked
in a stall?
Well, the boy got cornered
by that stud,
and Colby went in
and tried to help him.
- He hit a hoof.
- [sighs softly]
Ryan, there's a reason
why we can't buy life insurance.
It's just cowboying.
That's it.
Look, you've done good
down in Texas,
and I want you to put
"wagon boss" on your résumé now.
♪ soft, gentle guitar music ♪
♪
♪ grand, majestic music ♪
Course he has his own flag.
Fucking asshole.
I come all the fucking way
from Brazil.
We have a fucking plane
to catch.
Where's your fucking guy?
Come on, man.
Use your fucking phone.
Talk to someone. [scoffs]
Is that your fucking guy?
- Can I help you?
- Yeah.
I'm looking for Travis Wheatley.
He's at the main house.
Where is that?
Leave the way you came.
Take a right.
First left, first right.
Road heads into the main house.
Big white columns.
Got it. Thank you.
♪ "Sun Ain't Even Gone Down Yet"
by Brothers Osborne ♪
♪ Sittin' on go since Monday ♪
[knocking]
♪ Damn near ran
out of runway... ♪
- Hey.
- Hi.
Um... I'm looking
for Travis Wheatley.
You the masseuse?
Do I look
like a fucking masseuse?
[chuckles softly]
A very expensive one.
♪ That all-day buzz
came creepin' in... ♪
[Travis]
All right, here comes the river.
And it's a sevens.
There's a pair of sevens,
pair of aces on the table.
All right, let's turn 'em over,
girls, see what we got here.
- What do I have?
- [Travis] Well,
Mackenzie, there's a reason
that you're naked,
and it's...
it's hands like that.
There's five aces out there.
No wonder they're losing.
There's five aces on the table,
but it's a--
In a big game, that can happen.
- Excuse me.
- [Travis] It can happen.
What?! It can happen
on a big game anyhow.
- Excuse me!
- [laughter]
Sounds like an adult.
[Beth]
When you're done
violating every fucking
workplace harassment law
in existence, I'd like a word.
They don't work for me.
I don't--
- Who do you work for?
- Oh. My mistake.
I'm sure the judge
will completely understand.
Well, if he's from this county,
he will.
[woman]
Do you want to play?
I would rather have
a gasoline enema.
Travis, I thought you were
showing our horses today.
Yeah, as soon as the buyers get
here, I'm going to show 'em.
Bunch of fat Brazilians
in tracksuits and jewelry?
That would be them, yeah.
They're in the parking lot
of your fucking arena.
♪ We were headfirst in
'bout a quarter to ten... ♪
- Oh, fuck. We got to go, boys.
- [Beth] Yeah.
I know what everyone has
in here.
We'll get it handled.
I got to go this way.
I'm getting a shirt.
I'll be right back, girly.
- [indistinct chatter]
- ♪ The days about as good... ♪
Hey, you want a ride
to the arena?
♪ And the sun ain't even
gone down yet... ♪
You seem like a...
moderately-intelligent
young woman.
How can you work for this fuck?
Oh, I would never work
for a horse trainer.
Travis is my boyfriend.
I take
the "intelligent" part back.
[chuckles softly]
♪ "Down the Road Tonight"
by Hayes Carll ♪
- Thank you, Danica.
- It's 200, right?
I don't have a turnback horse
I'd sell you for 200,000.
It's two million,
and you know it.
♪ Asphalt monkeys ♪
♪ Holy rollers, signal callers ♪
♪ Truck stop angels... ♪
I have to ask,
'cause I am fucking fascinated.
He is probably
the most arrogant man
that I have ever met
in my entire life.
Condescending, misogynistic,
25 years older than you.
Can you please
explain the appeal?
You ever seen him ride before?
♪ Listen to Ray Wylie Hubbard ♪
♪ All going
down the road tonight ♪
♪ Drunken angels,
blacktop racers ♪
♪ Holy rollers,
whiskey chasers ♪
♪ Lonestar drinkers,
midnight ramblers ♪
♪ Dirt road divas,
highway gamblers ♪
♪ Moonshine mamas... ♪
[whooping]
♪ Dalai Lamas,
ol' pill poppers ♪
♪ High-school heroes,
back-row preachers... ♪
- [man] Yeah!
- Come on.
- Come on!
- ♪ Tantric teachers ♪
♪ Teenage cuties
politickin'... ♪
- Okay, yeah, I get it.
- [chuckles softly]
[laughing]
♪ All going down... ♪
What do you think of that?
We'll take him.
I want a vet check.
[Travis]
Well, now, hold on a second.
Let's see what
the other buyers have to say.
- What other buyers?
- So he's at two million.
You go 2.1?
Okay. Well, they're at 2.1.
- You didn't say other buyers.
- Well,
when you go shopping
for a house, do you think
you're the only one
fucking shopping?
- It's 2.2 to you.
- [sighs]
- Going once.
- 2.2.
Okay, it's 2.2
You go 2.3?
Who are they?
That's just
the maintenance crew.
They drag the arena.
- The maintenance crew.
- Mm-hmm.
2.4.
Three million.
That's all.
No more back-and-forth.
Take it now,
or shove it up your fucking ass.
[chuckles]
He's your horse now, buddy.
You shove him
anywhere you want him.
- Danica.
- My God.
[Travis]
Give them wire instructions.
Have them sign
a purchase agreement,
and I'll see you at the house.
We're done!
- All right.
- [indistinct chatter]
[Beth]
Maintenance crew, huh?
Nice touch.
Yeah, they clean up pretty good,
don't they?
- [soft chuckling]
- [Beth] Well, what next?
Well, whenever you sell a horse
for $3 million dollars,
you collect the money,
you get the fuck out of there,
and then you go celebrate.
- Yes, sir.
- Let's go.
You coming with us?
- Um...
- [laughs]
♪ Me and Mama Casey's got
a mind of our own ♪
♪ If you're looking for me,
follow this road... ♪
[women yelp]
[women scream]
Un-fucking-believable.
I'd outgrown all this by
the time I was in eighth grade.
It's rank.
Can you believe he sold that
horse for $3 million dollars?
Yeah, old Travis, he's tricky.
There isn't a cooling-off period
in the horse business, is there?
Oh, hell no.
If that son of a bitch dies
on the way home in the trailer,
he's not your problem.
But they'd have had him insured
for five million
before they put him on there.
How bad did they get cheated?
Oh, they didn't get cheated
at all.
Look, the toughest cuttings
in the world happened
in that arena you were just in.
And that stud's won everything
there is to win there.
And look, by the way,
a horse is worth
what somebody's willing
to pay for it.
I had a customer
bring me a horse
they paid a million dollars for.
I couldn't sell pony rides
on the son of a bitch
at the state fair.
I had another client
bring me a horse
they paid $9,000 for at auction.
That one won 200,000,
put three babies
in the Futurity Finals.
There's a lot of luck.
It's like a lottery ticket...
if lottery tickets bucked.
This is the first
adult conversation
I've since I've been here.
[chuckles]
Yeah. Well,
they won't be solving any of
- the world's problems tonight.
- [chuckles]
They might make
some new ones, though.
Yeah.
Certainly has that look to it.
[indistinct chatter]
- Hey, Travis.
- [Travis] Mm-hmm.
When you're done partying
like it's 1989, I'd like a word.
'89 was a pretty good year.
- [door closes]
- [sighs]
[country music playing]
[Travis]
You didn't want to go swimming?
We're gonna have chicken fights.
And then I got a deep fryer.
We make corn dogs.
You are such a fucking asshole,
it is almost attractive.
That's fair. I get that.
- Almost.
- Yeah.
That's kind of part
of my appeal.
I need you in Montana
for the auction.
Well, the horses are
on their way there now.
I'll be there tomorrow.
You don't need me for that.
No, I need you for all that shit
you just did in the arena.
All the fucking fireworks,
all the fascinating mess
that people, for some reason,
want to be part of.
And then they'll pay
$3 million dollars to do it.
I don't have anyone
who can do that.
I don't know anyone
Look, I don't get paid
a commission at an auction.
Well, did you make
a commission tonight?
Of course I did.
How much?
Well, it's five percent to me.
It's five percent
to the buyers...
Wait, I-I paid you $300,000
for that fucking circus?
When you do whatever you do,
whatever you do,
you put together a stock dealer
or close some kind
of business deal,
you don't get a commission?
The circus is
what you're paying for.
- This ain't nobody's hobby.
- All right, Travis.
[exhales]
My husband--
your friend, remember?--
and I.
Our ranch, it is in trouble.
I need your help.
With the auction.
No commission.
Please.
I can tell that was hard
for you to ask.
I respect that.
I have an idea.
[loud rock music playing]
We're gonna play cards for it.
[laughs]
I know what you're thinking.
- [laughter]
- [clamoring]
Hey, what are you wearing
under that dress?
Just so I know
how much you can bet.
My husband's gonna kill you...
with his bare fucking hands,
Travis.
He is gonna tear out your heart
with his hand.
- He's gonna find this funny.
- Really?
He's gonna find it really funny.
It is funny.
All right.
Take a look at mine.
Whew. That's a good hand.
- Do boots count?
- Yeah, boots count.
Boots count.
Everything counts.
Okay, here we go.
- You didn't bet anything.
- Uh, well,
I bet my commission,
which is to say I'm all in.
One, two queens
and an ace.
I'm all in.
- Really?
- Really.
Cocky, I like it, all right.
Burn another one.
And turning up another ace.
Got an ace under there?
Huh, huh?
I don't think you do.
All right, one left.
Burn another one.
And we got a nine.
Don't think that nine helped.
Turn them over.
Oh, fucker did help,
look at that.
Wow. Queens over nines,
that's a monster hand.
What do I got? I got...
I got one of those.
- Oh.
- Um, so I've already won.
With them aces over.
But then I got,
I have another one.
With his bare fucking hands,
Travis.
- Bet's a bet, here.
- You know,
I hope you enjoy this,
because this is probably
the last thing
you're gonna fucking see.
I'm gonna make him a video.
- Fuck you.
- I'm just kidding.
You don't got to strip for me.
Save it for your hubby.
I'm gonna get
a flight out tomorrow morning.
- I'll be there by noon.
- Wait, you're coming?
- Yeah. You asked me to help.
- So what the fuck was this?
- I'm just fucking with you.
- Travis, you're such a child.
Hey, we really are
gonna have corn dogs.
Go play
with your fucking friends, okay?
The corn dogs was real.
I'm gonna go get 'em right now.
There's a stripper pole
in the garage.
Get over there in a bit.
Cowboy twilight zone.
[loud rock music playing]
You leaving?
As fast as I possibly can.
This is usually
some pretty good watching.
You know,
there's a term for that.
It's called a material witness.
[shouting]
♪
♪ somber music ♪
Damn. Is that
Charlie Ferguson up there?
Sure is.
Well, you pulled out
all the stops, didn't you?
Well, I'm trying to think
of everyone that meant
something to this place.
Give them a chance
to send it off right.
It's gonna ball up
Gator's shorts.
You know,
these chuck wagon cooks,
they're as jealous as new wives.
Yeah.
Listen, there's something
I wanted to talk to you about.
I want you to stay on.
All right?
Anything to stay on for...
Hell yeah, there is,
when we build it back.
[sighs]
I've been here 43 years.
- Yeah.
- It's my home.
Sure hated
the thought of leaving.
Thank you, boss.
Means more to me than you know.
I know what it means to you.
That's why I asked.
♪
- [owl hoots]
- [insects trilling]
What are you doing?
Trying to summon the courage.
So it's true.
Did I sleep with her?
Yes.
Did I have anything
to do with my father?
No.
Nothing.
Let's not talk
about this on the street.
Come inside.
[train whistle blows
in distance]
James is asleep,
so voices down, got it?
Got it.
You had nothing
to do with your father?
Nothing?
Zero knowledge?
None.
Did she?
Did...
she?
I didn't know anything
until after the fact.
As attorney general,
why didn't you arrest her,
Jamie?
Because... [stammers]
...if she employed
someone capable
of getting to my father--
and then look what they did
to her the next day,
after the medical examiner
changed their findings--
what are they willing
to do next?
- [sighs]
- P-Plus, I look complicit.
Oh, you are complicit.
Jamie, you are
the definition of complicit.
Well, what do I do?
I-I-I don't know.
- [inhales sharply]
- I don't know what to do.
What-what do I--
wh-what do I do?
[sighs]
♪ low, somber music ♪
♪
The only reason I am helping you
is because we share a child.
And your legacy
is that child's legacy.
How do you know
she was involved?
She told me.
Do you have any evidence?
Anything
tying her to the murder?
Nothing.
So you don't know.
You just know what she told you.
Correct.
When they complete her autopsy,
will they find your DNA on her?
Very possible.
Will they find it in her?
No.
Call a press conference.
Launch an investigation into
her death and your father's.
Clarify
that you worked closely with her
to restore the development.
Steer into the crash on that.
Vehemently deny any affair
and blame those who insinuate it
on purposely spreading
disinformation
and threaten them
with obstruction of justice.
Praise
your father's convictions.
Herald his love
for Montana and its people.
Declare his death
more than just a murder.
It is an outright defiance
of the rule of law.
John Dutton's murder was more
than just the murder of the man.
It was the murder of
the citizens of Montana's right
to choose their representative,
and for them to freely execute
the will of the people.
It was a murder
of their freedom.
And you will avenge them.
And whatever you find
in this investigation,
you make it public
every step of the way.
You try and connect her to it.
No matter how thin the case,
you must connect her to it.
If she did it...
...then it died with her.
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
Thank you.
♪
This speech will determine
the course of your life, Jamie.
Your political future
is tethered to it.
[door closes]
♪ slow, somber music ♪
♪
[door creaks]
[fire crackling in fireplace]
[Rip]
Oh, shit. [groans]
[Rip groaning]
Oh, Christ. I warned you.
Yeah, you didn't warn me enough.
- You get him sold?
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah?
$3 million dollars.
Well, shit,
you seem pretty pissed off
- for $3 million dollars, honey.
- Yeah.
For the past five hours,
there's just been one question
swirling around in my mind.
How is that smug prick
your friend?
[chuckles]
Yeah.
Well, about 20 years ago,
he was, uh, training horses
for your dad, and...
he took his help out
to this bar,
and I was with this girl,
dating her, and--
Oh, I want that bitch's name
and last known address.
Well, there's a bunch
of railroad workers there,
and one of 'em tried
to cut in on my girl, and--
Oh, so now you're dancing
with this fucking whore?
Honey, do you want me
to finish the story?
Yeah, fine. Go ahead.
Okay.
Well, I told this guy
to back off. He didn't.
And I introduced
his fucking face to the floor.
And the next thing I know,
the whole fucking bar stood up.
I mean, I'm talking about 20
of these son of a bitches.
So Travis comes over to me,
and he's like,
"Amigo, you better
get the fuck out of here."
And I'm like, "No shit."
But now I'm surrounded.
So, one of these railroad
workers walks over to Travis,
and he goes,
"You better take a walk."
And Travis is like,
"I can't do it.
You want to get to him,
you got to come through me."
- Really?
- Yeah.
So the next thing
I remember, man, we're...
I mean, we're getting the shit
kicked out of us.
We're on the ground
getting kicked, stomped.
And I look over at Travis,
and I'm like, "Is he smiling?"
And he goes, "Rip! I think
we got 'em where we want 'em."
[both laugh]
So they toss us out
of the fucking bar.
And we're in the street,
and he's going,
"I'm going back in there
to get my fucking hat."
- I'm like, "What?" Oh, Jesus.
- [laughs]
So he goes in there
in front of this whole group.
He's, like, looking around,
and they're all looking at him
like he's fucking crazy.
And he finally finds his hat.
He picks it up,
and one of the guys
is kind of tucked over way--
Travis sees him,
and he's wearing my hat.
And mind you, Travis has got
his fucking nose broken,
fractured jaw, ribs busted.
He walks up,
and he's just a bloody mess.
And he's looking
at this fucking guy.
And finally, the guy just takes
my hat off and hands it to him.
♪ slow, gentle music ♪
I mean, shit, Beth,
how many friends
you got like that, you know?
Just you.
Mm.
[sighs]
You want to walk me
through the strip poker?
Well, he's your friend.
Sure he'll tell you
all about it.
[Rip laughs]
Oh, I'm sure he will.
♪ "Better Year" by Sam Barber ♪
♪ If it's late and
you hear me calling tonight ♪
♪ But I ain't right there
and you're wondering why ♪
♪ I've made my way
to the severed seas ♪
♪ Where the sun burns hot
and the wind does sing ♪
♪ Days away from where I left ♪
♪ There's heaven-sent eyes
in a pickup bed ♪
♪ I'm trying harder
to get on back ♪
♪ But the tide's moving in
and God's pushing the raft ♪
[lively crowd chatter]
♪ A thousand miles
have worn my feet ♪
♪ And the body I hold
ain't getting sleep ♪
♪ Your sweet touch
moving closer to me ♪
♪ Well, it ain't what I got,
but it's what I need ♪
♪ Hold on, my dear ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm fighting like hell
to face my fears ♪
♪ Someday I'll tame the fires
that brought me here... ♪
[Monica]
You really think
this will raise enough money
to cover the taxes?
It won't even make a dent,
Monica.
This money services the debt
for the mortgage,
which will cover the taxes.
But it'll run out.
And we'll have to start selling
off pieces to cover the debt.
Then who knows?
There is no solution.
We're just buying time
while we look for it.
♪ That's a part of me
I hope you do not meet... ♪
Uh, the coroner's office
just called.
They're ready to release him.
They just want to know
what funeral home.
Well, they got to send him here.
They don't send him anywhere.
Someone's got to go pick him up.
- No child should.
- [Beth sighs]
I can arrange this.
Please.
Thank you.
♪ Hold on, my dear ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm fighting
like hell... ♪
[breathing sharply]
♪ Someday I'll tame the fires
that brought me here... ♪
Beth, what's happening?
They're bringing my dad home.
I want the funeral
right after this.
- Who do you want to invite?
- Nobody.
This is our last fucking circus, okay?
The funeral's for him
and for him only.
Come here. Hey, it's okay.
Come here.
[auction manager over P.A.]
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the Yellowstone
dispersal sale preview.
We'll begin with the dry work
in lot number 44:
GT Shooter,
a six-year-old stallion
by Gunners Tinseltown and out
of the Hollywood Dun It mare.
He's already won over 140,000.
And, boy, that is a big bull-
dragging-looking stud, ain't he?
Yeah, a lot... a lot
of these performance horses,
they don't have the size for
ranch work, but he sure does.
[auctioneer]
Well, the Yellowstone
has always sought out a lot
of bone for their horses.
Well, they need it,
if you're gonna run up
and down these mountains
all day. [laughs]
♪ "Get to Work Whiskey"
by Ward Davis ♪
♪ Get to work, whiskey ♪
♪ Dig in with me ♪
♪ Drown these memories ♪
♪ Get me high ♪
♪ Give me your best shot ♪
♪ Whatever else you got ♪
♪ That woman done wrecked me,
you got to fix me ♪
♪ Get to work,
get to work, whiskey ♪
♪ Lately it seems
like you been slacking ♪
♪ I expect results
for what I paid ♪
♪ No, I don't want ♪
♪ To send you packing ♪
♪ But I'll crack the seal
on old Jose, yeah ♪
♪ Let's not let it come
to that ♪
♪ Fuck me up,
what say you, Jack? ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Get to work, whiskey ♪
♪ Dig in with me ♪
♪ Drown these memories ♪
♪ Get me high ♪
♪ Give me your best shot ♪
♪ Whatever else you got ♪
♪ That woman done wrecked me,
you got to fix me ♪
♪ Get to work, get to work ♪
♪ Whiskey ♪
♪ Get to work,
get to work, whiskey ♪
[Evan Felker] How are we doing,
ladies and gentlemen?
We're the Turnpike Troubadours
from Oklahoma.
Thanks for being so kind to us.
♪ Lorrie lit a cigarette
and smiled and waved ♪
♪ The smoke out of her face ♪
♪ With black hair brown
from the summer sun ♪
♪ Green eyes
looked around the place ♪
♪ And she told me that
she loved me, and I grinned ♪
♪ And grabbed her hand
and I said, "I know" ♪
♪ Let's get from here
now, darling ♪
♪ If we're going,
let's go on and go ♪
Just day work around here now?
I'm afraid so.
[Gator] Hear Wagonhound,
Sunlight, they're always looking
- for hands.
- Yeah.
You got that new deal
of Turner's, too.
Flying D.
- Now, that's buffalo, right?
- Yeah.
You don't want
to chase buffalo around?
- [laughs]
- No, sir.
Hell, I'm going back to Tejas.
Sixes hiring?
Sorry.
Only married men work camps
on the Sixes.
- Why only married men?
- [Emily] 'Cause they don't want
a bunch of you coyotes chasing
the vet techs to hell and back.
- [laughs]
- You mean like that coyote
right there
with his hand in your pocket?
- That's what I mean. [laughs]
- [howls]
- [laughs]
- Although, to be honest,
she did most of the chasing.
Hell, chase you
with a broom maybe.
- [laughter]
- Tell 'em the truth, baby.
- Tell 'em.
- All right. No, I-I must admit,
I was smitten
at first sight, for sure.
- [Jimmy] Thank you.
- Must have been the way
you were holding
that stallion's penis, baby.
- [laughter]
- For veterinary purposes.
He keeps saying that, but...
I haven't heard that story yet.
There's my cowboy.
Oh, hell yeah.
Come here, you.
[laughs]
♪ Well, good lord, Lorrie... ♪
[chuckles]
♪ Could it go more wrong? ♪
Mmm.
[chuckles]
[vocalizing]
[harmonica playing]
Missed you.
I missed you something awful.
[Walker and Laramie
speaking indistinctly]
[Laramie chuckles]
[song ends]
[cheering, whistling]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [country music playing faintly]
[sighs]
Hey.
So, remember
what I told you, okay?
Keep tonight's drinks light.
You make tomorrow's doubles.
Yes, ma'am.
And if anyone gets loopy...
[clicks tongue]
- Okay?
- Got it.
Hungover bidders
do not spend money.
I understand.
[speaking indistinctly]
See you later.
[bartender]
You got it.
Uh, you know what,
mm, I'll take this.
Thanks.
You in the market
for a rope horse?
[chuckles softly]
No, I just, um...
I just wanted to come see it.
I used to ride out here
with your father.
When we were teenagers.
Well, I wonder
which tree you rode to.
I don't have to wonder
what you did once you got there.
[chuckles]
It's actually, like, right...
right around there.
- There? [scoffs]
- Yeah.
You didn't get very far
from the barn.
Oh, with your father,
just getting out of the barn was
an accomplishment.
Did you know my mother?
Yeah. Very well.
I think I've been
to more funerals...
on this ranch
than anywhere else in the state.
You have it in you for another?
When all this is over,
I'm laying him to rest.
There won't be any...
spreads of food or 300 friends
that he hasn't seen in 20 years.
Just his family,
his cowboys, and...
you, if you want to come.
Yeah.
I'd be honored.
And I'll absolutely dread
coming, but...
...but I will.
Yeah.
I'll dread it, too.
[crowd cheering, applauding]
[Turnpike Troubadours'
"Pay No Rent" playing]
♪ Hear the clicking
of the dominoes ♪
♪ Shaking up a game ♪
- ♪ If we lose a hand
- [children laughing]
♪ I bet I'll know
just who's to blame ♪
♪ But if we hear "21" ♪
♪ If we make that call... ♪
How you doing with all this?
You okay?
♪ Just feeling
ten feet tall... ♪
You want to dance?
Do I want to dance?
You do know how, right?
Well, I know how. Do you?
Yeah, I know how.
Well, why am I just now learning
this? [chuckles]
♪ To really love someone ♪
♪ But when it comes back
around ♪
♪ That's heaven on earth ♪
♪ You never know till the end,
my friend ♪
♪ What your love
is really worth ♪
♪ Are you cracking jokes
with the common folks? ♪
♪ Are you serving
to the well-to-do? ♪
♪ I've traveled round
and I ain't found ♪
♪ Nobody quite like you ♪
♪ And is all this living ♪
♪ Meant to be
or a happy accident? ♪
♪ In my heart you pay no rent,
well, in my heart ♪
♪ You pay no rent... ♪
What are we doing?
Just... making memories here.
While we still can.
Beth told me her plan. Doesn't
sound like one with a future.
Well, I have a different plan.
Mine guarantees a future.
Care to tell me what it is?
No.
Not telling anybody.
Not yet.
I know in my heart
it's gonna work.
And I know it's the right thing.
♪ Are you serving
to the well-to-do? ♪
♪ I've traveled round
and I ain't found ♪
♪ Nobody quite like you ♪
♪ And is all this living
meant to be ♪
♪ Or a happy accident? ♪
♪ In my heart you pay no rent ♪
♪ Well, in my heart
you pay no rent ♪
♪
♪ Now we're shaking up
the dominoes ♪
♪ Beneath the neon light ♪
♪ Knowing anybody else... ♪
I'm gonna be home late.
Yeah? Where you heading?
[sighs]
Women can't talk to men
about their problems
'cause they just try to fix 'em.
Her problem can't be fixed,
so...
She just needs someone
who'll listen...
...let her know
it's okay to keep on living.
♪ To the well-to-do? ♪
♪ I've traveled round
and I ain't found ♪
♪ Nobody quite like you ♪
[sighs]
You know what I do
when I'm really upset?
When my day can't get any worse?
I go to a bar.
Not a cowboy bar
or a hole-in-the-wall.
But a bar for the tourists
and the transplants.
Those rich fucking invaders
that wrecked this place.
I go to the bar.
I order a drink.
And I sit there and I wait.
I wait for one of them fuckers
to come pick me up.
And when they do...
[shudders]
...I slice them
from pecker to sternum.
Metaphorically speaking,
of course.
I don't know what that means.
You want to get drunk with me
and fuck with a bunch
of out-of-towners?
Let me grab my hat.
Attagirl.
- [crickets chirping]
- [soft jazz music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[Teeter]
This place is pretty fancy.
It's a great bar.
Garbage people.
Where are they all from?
L.A.
San Francisco.
New York.
All the failing cities
of our nation.
They come here every summer,
like locusts,
buying up
all the fucking houses,
saying they live here year-round
so they don't have to pay
the taxes that they voted for.
[chuckles softly]
All right.
We got one circling the decoys.
Put out a little more bait.
Hurry up.
Finish your drink.
[gulps]
[exhales]
[sniffs]
Get another round
for these ladies.
Hi.
- [chuckles]
- Hey.
- My name's Aaron.
- [chuckles]
Of course it is.
- Okay, let me guess,
Aaron.
Not Yale.
Right? You're too handsome
to have the GPA
for an Ivy League school.
Penn State.
Yeah. You look like,
uh, one of those guys
that picks the college
for the football team.
[both chuckle]
Ivy League for grad school.
'Cause your dad paid for that.
And then you, uh... you traded
for Morgan Stanley or...
BofA.
You don't like to work hard
enough for Goldman or Vanguard.
You've got
a two-kid look about you.
But your wife,
she fucking bailed
soon as the youngest
was out of diapers.
She was tired of you fucking
your interns, right?
She burned you so bad
in the divorce,
you said,
"I am never doing that again."
You moved to Miami
the second you saw
your first surgical mask
on Wall Street.
You never went back.
You bought a condo.
You bought a fucking boat.
And you've just been banging
all these wannabe models.
Just, you know, trying
to fuck away that dick
you sucked that summer abroad.
- [clears throat]
- But you know what they say,
Aaron?
You suck one cock, and you are
a cocksucker for life.
Run along now.
I'm not paying for those drinks.
You got one of these, motherfucker?
Yeah, I didn't think so.
Are you psychic?
You just got to learn
how to read
the tea leaves, Teeter.
Okay? That is all life is.
Hell, you're a witch.
Yeah, I'm a fucking witch.
Oh, we got another already.
Slam it.
You want to have a go?
Yeah, sure.
[sighs]
Those are empty.
That they are.
What are you drinking?
Your motherfucking ass
after I shove your head
so far up it
you got heartburn
in your fucking eyeball.
[man laughs]
What the fuck?
Yeah, let's take the girl
with Tourette's to the bar.
That'll be fun.
Teeter?
I showed his fucking ass.
I'm not sure
this is the game for you.
Hey, thanks for taking me out.
I know you know how I'm feeling.
It ain't gonna make it
go away, but...
[Beth]
Nothing makes it go away.
There's a hole
in your heart now.
There's a hole in mine, too.
How do I fix it?
Teeter, when I figure that out,
you will be the first to know.
♪ soaring banjo music ♪
♪
♪ O say does that ♪
♪ Star-spangled ♪
♪ Banner ♪
♪ Yet wave ♪
♪ O'er the land of the ♪
♪ Free ♪
♪ And the home ♪
♪ Of the ♪
♪ Brave? ♪
♪ slow, somber music ♪
♪
[auction manager]
I ask you all to remain standing
as we honor a man
who dedicated his life
to preserving our way of life.
Just as we honor a cowboy
who gave his life in service
of that land and the livestock
that nourishes your body.
Dear Lord, we know you have
already received them both.
That they look down
on their family and friends
and know a love and peace
that we all seek.
We know they look down
and see us all hurting.
Hurting from their absence
in our lives.
If John Dutton were here today,
his one hope would be
that he inspired in you
the tenacity to persevere
in a world that sees you,
the farmer, the rancher,
the food producers
of this nation and the world,
as an obstacle
instead of the keystone
to their very survival.
May we all learn from
John Dutton's tireless defense
of your freedom
and your purpose.
And may we look
to the life of a cowboy,
Colby Mayfield.
Mountain valleys for an office,
a horse for his commute,
a rope for his chores,
and a hat for shade.
That is freedom.
Colby died exercising
that freedom,
and John Dutton died
protecting it.
To both, we say farewell...
...and thank you.
♪
Please be seated.
[crying]
All right,
first horse of the day.
Somebody give me 200,000.
Here we go.
Ten. 20. Bid 20,000.
[chanting] Anybody, anybody
gonna be 30, then 40, then 50.
- Anybody gonna be 60.
- [ringmen calling out]
Yes, 60,000.
Anybody gonna be 70. 80.
- Gonna be 90... 100.
- Three and a quarter...
Anybody gonna be... 125,000.
Anybody, anybody gonna... 150.
Anybody gonna be two. 200. 250.
Gonna be 300. 300.
[whoops]
Now have 350.
[babbling]
Right quick now. 75.
375.
Gonna be 40.
Anybody, anybody gonna be four?
Sold. 375,000. Thank you.
♪
[auctioneer chanting
indistinctly]
- That's sold. 350,000.
- [applause]
♪
[Carter]
What now?
I mean, what are my chores now?
There's no horses to feed,
no stalls to clean.
I don't know
what I'm supposed to do.
I guess you sleep in.
[birds chirping]
Hey.
So, how'd we do?
It was big.
With the cattle,
a little over 30 million.
Huh.
Buys us another year.
Longer if the rates come down.
It's good news, Kayce.
Well, the closest thing we're
getting to good news this week.
Hmm.
[sighs]
Will you promise me something?
Anything.
Don't spend a dime of your money
or anything that you've earned
on this place.
Not a dime. It...
You can't save it that way.
Yeah, I know.
You either.
I... I don't have any money.
Yeah, you... you do.
Little over 30 million.
[laughs softly]
Can I ask you a question?
Business question?
Sure.
Let's take your car. Uh, how
mu... how much is that worth?
Uh, it's leased, so it's not
worth anything to me.
But if-if you owned it.
300,000.
And if you sold that to me
for one dollar,
would that be illegal?
It would be stupid,
but it wouldn't be illegal.
Okay, so I buy this car
for one dollar,
and then I take
this $300,000 car
- that I bought for one dollar...
- [scoffs]
...and I register it.
What do I pay in sales tax?
Is it based off
what I paid
or the value of the car?
- What are you cooking?
- Just answer the question.
Tax is based on
what you paid for it.
That's what I thought.
- [truck door closes]
- [engine starts]
Why didn't I think of that?
Kayce!
[panting]
Who?
Give me a day,
just to make sure.
You are smarter than you look,
little brother.
- That ain't saying much.
- Tate.
Thank you.
♪ uplifting orchestral music ♪
♪
You told her.
You want to tell me?
I didn't tell her anything.
She figured it out.
Figured out what?
The only way to save this place.
Got to give it away.
♪ pastoral music ♪
♪
♪ dramatic orchestral music ♪